Hey everyone, Brooke here, guess who just walked in?
Olivia, and there's Jake, would she ever?
No, she wouldn't ever, she's meanless.
It feels out of your control, doesn't it?
Remember when we studied about the Shula Mike girl?
Who was really in control?
She was?
You have the same power.
If you believe that, it'll change how you handle the pressure.
My peace comes from doing the right thing.
I am a wall.
You're just a coward.
Take a trash.
Think about what the jailer had done to Paul.
He could have hated him for it.
Yeah, he could have, but I guess he saw the jailer's pain
instead of just his own.
Let me show you just one scripture.
Probably one scripture.
Jehovah has taught us to love.
And he's given our family peace.
Hello everyone, Haley from Genoa Design here.
You don't think she's showing off?
Is this just about Haley?
Can you believe how?
I haven't seen you all her posts.
If Celia agrees that Haley's doing something she shouldn't,
you should talk to her.
I've noticed you were posts lately on QuickPost.
What about them?
Some people might think you're bragging.
Who would think like that?
You.
I didn't want to upset you.
Jake said that I needed to take.
Jake said everyone.
Things my posts are in a boat.
It's not what I'm saying at all.
You are such.
Think back to a time when you wanted forgiveness.
Love is patience and kind.
It's not jealous.
I'm sorry, Haley.
Genuine affection fights peace rakers.
And affection grows when we really know
our brothers and sisters well.
I was always impressed with how close you two were.
Well, it wasn't always that way.
But started as a small disagreement, exploded.
You, you're the problem.
I needed a lot of help from Jehovah
to make things right with Nick.
There was a misunderstanding.
I've not gone all out of proportion.
And I didn't handle it the best.
That's when our peace was really put to the test.
The body decided unanimously that you should no longer serve.
You pushed them.
Phil didn't know just how tense things were between Tim and I.
I found comfort and accounts of Jehovah's servants.
They helped me realize that being a peace with my brothers
was more important than any appointed position.
It wasn't easy.
But we talked it out.
And we were able to make peace with Jehovah's help.
Without peace, I don't know how we could have managed
what was to come.
At that moment, when you hear the verdict that you'll stand prison,
it's like you've been knocked unconscious.
But then the doors of the elevator opened up and in front of us.
That's Jehovah.
When you're just about to lose all your strength,
Jehovah does that something for you.
The Russian brothers and sisters, I pray for them constantly
because they aren't going through a very tough time.
What I've learned from all of this
is peace isn't from what's outside,
from what's going on or what you're experiencing.
I've learned that peace is on the inside
and that comes from Jehovah.